# LUPX-Miner-Documentation

Changes can be suggested using a pull request. Please state the reason for the proposed change.
After a significant change, we'll build a new release to get everyone on the same page (pun intended).

This article is written to clarify the installation process for those who are experiencing problemswith the current installers.1  Installing the dependenciesThe miner depends on a few modules as listed in the documentation.  Three of the four modulesare native:  ”time”, ”json” and ”threading”.  One module, ”web3” is not native.Since the ”web3” module depends on some C++ build-utilities, you’ll need to install the ”Mi-crosoft Visual Studio 14.0 C++ buildtools” from here:https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/thank-you-downloading-visual-studio/?sku=BuildTools&rel=15.  Note that if you have ”Microsoft Visual Studio” already installed, you most probablydon’t have to install the build-utilities separately!  When prompted to install the SDK’s or not,do so.After you’ve installed the C++ build-utilities, open one of the installers (.py) (multiple installersare included because not every installer works on every machine).  Now, you can open the minerby simply double clicking the ”LUPX-Miner.py” file in the ”miner” folder.  It may take sometime before something pops up the first time because the ”web3” module has to configure.If no installer seems to work, you can manually install the ”web3” module by doing the followingsteps:•Go to your Python installation path.  (Something like:  ”C/Users/NAME/Appdata/Local/Programs/Python/PythonXXXX/Scripts”).  Here, there will be three different versions of”pip”.•COPY (DO NOT DELETE) the ”pip.exe” and place it in the folder of the ”installer” ofthe ”LUPX-Miner” folder.  So you will have a copy of the ”pip.exe” file and the ”setup.bat”file in the SAME folder.•Now run the ”setup.bat” file.  It can happen that there will be some errors in red but that’sbecause three of the four modules are native.•Check if it gives any errors.  If it says something like ”You need Microsoft Visual C++14.0 build-utils”, make sure you properly installed those.  Here is a thread on issues on theweb3 module:https://github.com/ethereum/web3.py/issues/8101
